- [Instructor] There's a lot of variation
of security options when dealing with S3 buckets,
and they can all be configured to the STK.
We're going to leverage the STK to block public access,
like we did in the console,
and we're going to use this as an example
of using the STK for security purposes.
There are obviously no way that I can show you all
of them but this is a good example.
So let's go back into our Python file.
And we will create
a new function called prevent public access.
And we're simply going to have a bucket in order
to do this work.
And we will call on S3 meta client once again.
And we're going to use a method called put public access block.
We will send a bucket in the keyword arguments.
We'll pass that our bucket.
Now we need to build a public access block configuration
which will equal a dictionary.
Let's bring this to the next line here real quick
so you can see me type at all.
And in this dictionary, we will use block public ACLs.
We'll set that equal to true.
We will ignore public ACLs.
Also true.
We will block public policy.
And we will restrict public buckets.
Also true.
Let's take a look at what those relate to.
Jump back into the console.
Open up our bucket.
Go to our permissions,
and you'll see that these ACLs mapped
to each of these values.
So in this bucket we have them turned on.
You'll see that we have block all public access.
And then the various ACL's that it's set on.
So back in our code.
Once we execute that command, we can accept.
Hit client error as ce.
And we will simply print that error.
Now this is where you're going to see one of the big benefits
of using the STK versus the CLI.
So let's get rid of the uploads.
'Cause that data should still
be there unless you've been able to clean it up.
We'll create that transient bucket again,
but this time on the transient bucket,
we're going to want to pass in a value that makes it secure.
So let's go to our create bucket command here real quick.
And in our create bucket command,
I want to pass a secure value,
with a default of false.
So after I do my try and get my bucket,
I want to do an if secure, prevent public access.
We'll pass it the name, and S3.
And we're not using that bucket so I might as well get rid
of that, and I'm also going to use this as an opportunity
to move this file up above main.
Just because I want to keep it a little bit cleaner.
And now let's go ahead and run our program.
But, before we simply create it, we want to pass true,
that way this bucket gets created securely.
So run that program.
Got an exit code of zero.
If you see an error here that says the bucket doesn't exist,
it may just be a case of it ran too fast for S3,
you may have hit a throttle or something.
If that's the case, go delete the bucket, run it again.
It tends to happen sometimes with AWS.
They throttle requests at weird behavior times.
Let's go ahead and jump back into our console.
And we'll refresh our view.
And you'll see that I have a bucket created.
It says that the objects can be public.
But if you go look at the permissions of it,
you'll see that it is blocked.
So jump back out to the console and refresh.
Again, that's sort of another glitch that happens sometimes
in the console.
It was marked as not public,
but it showed up when you first entered as being public.
And it just hadn't refreshed completely.
So don't be alarmed if you jump in
and it doesn't look right, right away.
It could just be a matter of refreshing.
So let's go ahead and clean up after ourselves,
we'll delete this bucket.
But we've now created a bucket,
that does not allow public access, which is really good.